# Introduction
An [Internet bot](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_bot), also known as web robot, WWW robot or simply bot, is a software application that runs automated tasks (scripts) over the Internet. Typically, bots perform tasks that are both simple and structurally repetitive, at a much higher rate than would be possible for a human alone. The largest use of bots is in web spidering (web crawler), in which an automated script fetches, analyzes and files information from web servers at many times the speed of a human. More than half of all web traffic is made up of bots.

Efforts by servers hosting websites to counteract bots vary. Servers may choose to outline rules on the behaviour of internet bots by implementing a robots.txt file: this file is simply text stating the rules governing a bot's behaviour on that server. Any bot that does not follow these rules when interacting with (or 'spidering') any server should, in theory, be denied access to, or removed from, the affected website. If the only rule implementation by a server is a posted text file with no associated program/software/app, then adhering to those rules is entirely voluntary – in reality there is no way to enforce those rules, or even to ensure that a bot's creator or implementer acknowledges, or even reads, the robots.txt file contents. Some bots are "good" – e.g. search engine spiders – while others can be used to launch malicious and harsh attacks, most notably, in political campaigns. 

## Courses
| Course                                                                                                                                         | Date               | Source Code                                                                                         |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [How to create a Slack bot to automate tasks for you](bot-how-to-create-a-slack-bot-to-automate-tasks-for-you.md)| 22/05/2018 | [purchase-slack-command](https://github.com/peelmicro/purchase-slack-command)|
| [How to create a Slack bot to automate tasks for you](/projects/purchase-slack-command-dotnet.md)| 22/05/2018 | [purchase-slack-command-dotnet](https://github.com/peelmicro/purchase-slack-command-dotnet)|